conehead syndrome it's become an
increasing problem in America today no
one's sure exactly how it's caused or if
it can be treated I recently had the
privilege of sitting down and talking
with one of the victims of this new
disease and we're here with one of the
victims of this newest EHS syndrome that
is spreading the country and it stands
for cone head syndrome and we have one
of the victims here right now how did
how did this happen I mean how did you
get like this pretty much just watching
too much TV TV yeah does this present a
problem as far as day-to-day routines
such as like eating habits and stuff
like that yeah it can't be as you can
see I have no eyes no ears no about so
it's hard walking down the street
because I can't see in it's even hard
for me to hear you now but how I eat and
found out that I have this little hole
talk like that and you know that's how I
eat so yep so how does this how does
this impact your life that must be a
difficult going through all this well
it's mostly worse when I go to work when
I'm when the people I work around
sometimes they they don't get why I'm
account of my head sometimes they think
there's some kind of mask or how better
something and I'm like no it's Rowan let
it start kind of like looking and
laughing and is it gets kind of hard but
I just if there's any other comes out
there watching this all I'm saying is
stand up and would you come up high
since a cure is not currently been found
for this disease many Coneheads attempt
to readjust to everyday life and to
reattempt to perform the tasks that were
so easy before they contracted the
disease
some of does so with disastrous outcomes
however and cone heads are finding that
it's almost impossible to readjust to
everyday life other than the causes and
the basic symptoms not much is known
about this new disease since its recent
outbreak much time has been devoted to
the study and perhaps the way to find a
cure some Coneheads try to find new jobs
others look to community service and
some others find other ways to be useful
in the community CHS becomes especially
difficult in the home though some
Coneheads try to make it best
if left unchecked and I'm prevented this
disease can become much worse
there's no telling what this could mean
for America and for the count heads all
we can do is hope for the best
you